Closes #2196: move dev process from admiraldev (#2228)
pharmaverse/admiral: vignettes/contribution_model.Rmd

Reviewer: We should remove the language around sprints as we don't do them anymore

Reviewer: not sure if that image is still kicking around @rossfarrugia and @manciniedoardo  does that image still exist?  We don't really agile anymore??

Reviewer 2: @bms63 what image are you referring to?

Reviewer: the contribution model image

Reviewer 3: Robin created that one so @manciniedoardo you could get a copy off him if you wanted, or just simplify now

> library(admiraldev)

Reviewer: ummm...do we need admiraldev in this vignette?

Author: no, good catch

```

# Introduction

This vignette gives you an overview on how you can contribute to
`{admiral}`. We try to align to best practices used in other R packages'
development processes - so veteran developers should be familiar with
our processes. However, we do deviate slightly from some best practices
and we advise all new contributors to review our contribution model.

We advise you to contact us when an issue is created via
[Slack](https://app.slack.com/client/T028PB489D3/C02M8KN8269) *(If you
don't have access, use this
[link](https://join.slack.com/t/pharmaverse/shared_invite/zt-yv5atkr4-Np2ytJ6W_QKz_4Olo7Jo9A)
to join)*. We can discuss details or align expectations if you are not
familiar with the `{admiral}` philosophy and programming strategy. The
team will review the issues and give some initial feedback. Since we are
not a 100% fully resourced software development team it might be that
some issues will take longer to respond to depending on the amount of
overall issues.

Check out our YouTube video for [contributor
onboarding](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YcDxBmlpykw&t=6s), where we
use a dummy issue in the demo to illustrate our development process.

# Basics

> 🦋 For each new contribution, the user creates an issue on the issue tab

Reviewer: This is fun!!!!  Butterflies just like admiral!!

> This vignette gives you an overview of the anticipated contribution model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This vignette gives you an overview on how to contribute to `{admiral}`.
```

> The goal is to enable users of `{admiral}` to contribute and test the contribution model for `{admiral}`. Adjustments might be made over time.

Reviewer: We can just remove this

> We advise you to contact us when an issue is created via [Slack](https://app.slack.com/client/T028PB489D3/C02M8KN8269) _(If you don't have access, use this [link](https://join.slack.com/t/pharmaverse/shared_invite/zt-yv5atkr4-Np2ytJ6W_QKz_4Olo7Jo9A) to join)_.  We can discuss details or align expectations if you are not familiar with the `{admiral}` philosophy and programming strategy. The team will try to review the issues within the next sprint and give some initial feedback. Since we are not a 100% fully resourced software development team it might be that some issues will take longer to respond to depending on the amount of overall issues. 

Author: just found some of the content in this video is outdated, e.g., `devel`

> We advise you to contact us when an issue is created via [Slack](https://app.slack.com/client/T028PB489D3/C02M8KN8269) _(If you don't have access, use this [link](https://join.slack.com/t/pharmaverse/shared_invite/zt-yv5atkr4-Np2ytJ6W_QKz_4Olo7Jo9A) to join)_.  We can discuss details or align expectations if you are not familiar with the `{admiral}` philosophy and programming strategy. The team will try to review the issues within the next sprint and give some initial feedback. Since we are not a 100% fully resourced software development team it might be that some issues will take longer to respond to depending on the amount of overall issues. 

Reviewer 3: agree that contributing video i made is a bit outdated now. we could maybe refresh it some time and replace on youtube or if we dont have many new contributors now could leave it.

> We advise you to contact us when an issue is created via [Slack](https://app.slack.com/client/T028PB489D3/C02M8KN8269) _(If you don't have access, use this [link](https://join.slack.com/t/pharmaverse/shared_invite/zt-yv5atkr4-Np2ytJ6W_QKz_4Olo7Jo9A) to join)_.  We can discuss details or align expectations if you are not familiar with the `{admiral}` philosophy and programming strategy. The team will try to review the issues within the next sprint and give some initial feedback. Since we are not a 100% fully resourced software development team it might be that some issues will take longer to respond to depending on the amount of overall issues. 

Author: sounds good to leave it, youtube video is included

knitr::include_graphics("./admiral_contribution_model.png")
```

Type 1 Contribution without Code: 

 * User creates an issue and ideally contacts an `{admiral}` team member via [Slack](https://app.slack.com/client/T028PB489D3/C02M8KN8269).
 
 * The `{admiral}` core development team will contact the issue creator as soon as possible to discuss further details.
 
Type 2 Contribution with Code: 

 * User creates an issue or comments on an existing issue to notify that they’d like to contribute code.
 
 * We advise to contact the `{admiral}` core development team directly via [Slack](https://app.slack.com/client/T028PB489D3/C02M8KN8269) before submitting code for complex functionality.
 
  * Once an issue is assigned to you by admiral core development team, follow our step-by-step guide in the development process section below, or checkout the [admiral contributor onboarding Youtube video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YcDxBmlpykw&t=6s).

## Development Process
If you decide to contribute with code and you’re ready to make your first code 

> contribution, this development process step-by-step guide will help tie all the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contribution, this development process guide will help tie all the 
```

other detailed vignettes together to give you the simplest experience of helping 
to grow and enhance our codebase.

> 1. Create a new feature branch from the development branch `main` following the naming convention and pull the latest changes - as detailed on the [github usage](git_usage.html#working-with-feature-branches-1) guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new feature branch from the `main` branch following the naming convention and pull the latest changes - as detailed on the [github usage](git_usage.html#working-with-feature-branches-1) guide.
```

1. Familiarize yourself with the `{admiral}` [programming
strategy](programming_strategy.html), and then make the required code updates.
1. Before making a pull request, check the [Pull Request Review Guidance](pr_review_guidance.html) & the following checklist of common things developers miss:

>     a. Is all your code formatted according to the [tidyverse](https://style.tidyverse.org/) style guide?

Reviewer: Could we have fun with the itemized checklist?  Like emojiss or even a tasklist??  Just feels so boring but we are so fun!!

e.g. 
- [ ] 

:question:
:notes:
:star:
